The Joe Rogan experience. Like for instance, when, when, um,
when John Jones was first competing, John Jones,
he competed so freely because, you know, it was just like, he was,
it was just in his nature. Like he was just so creative and,
and he fought different because of, you know, he fought from the,
that place of just creativity, that ignorance, that, that, that ignorant bliss,
you know, he couldn't be beat. He didn't believe he can be beat and, you know,
he would fight that way and he would do some genius stuff in there just because
of that, you know, but then when you have those experiences where you, you know,
you've been caught in a fight or you've, you know,
you've made some mistakes in there, then you do know better, but then those,
those, those thoughts, it actually slows you down a bit too,
because you're not fully reacting. You're, you're thinking a,
a hair mm-hmm <affirmative> where, before it was just kind of like a reaction.
Yeah.
I talk about his opening fight, the opening sequence of his fight with showgun.
I mean, he's 23 years old,
he's fighting for the world title and he opens up with a flying name. Right.
Who the does that? That's that, that.
Was that, that was that, that was that dumb and young <laugh>. Yeah.
You know what I'm saying? That's the best way to say it,
but at the same time that, that, that blisful ignorance. That's what made,
that was his blueprint for so long, you know, and,
and he's turned it into a whole fighting style just that, you know,
let and it off, hang out, letting it fly. And that's what worried me. Um,
that's why I thought in this fight with Dominic re is it was gonna be a closer
fight because of the fact that Dominic res now had that,
what John used to have being that, that blissful ignorance mm-hmm <affirmative>,
he didn't really know how much, you know,
how better John was or didn't even care. He was just kind of like, uh,
I can win, you know what I'm saying? He was so confident in himself,
almost in a, in an ignorant blissful way, but it worked out for him, you know?
Well.
What's interesting about that fight is first of all,
it's a great argument for five round championship fights because for the first
three rounds, Dominic res was winning. Yeah.
The question is whether he won the third round,
that's the one I believe that's up for grabs.
Most people that I've talked to think John won the last
two. Clearly, most people, most people that I talk to that are experts.
Most people, few disagree believe that Dominic gray has won the first three.
And the third round is the one that seems to be, you go, well,
Dominic scored more,
but it was close enough where you could see someone giving it to John parti.
Particularly since John was pressing the action, John was pushing forward.
Maybe you give it to John, but they thought Dominic wanted it. But they said,
if there's aputable round, it is that third round. I agree.
One judge gave John four rounds to one. That's insane. Yeah,
this is same judge. That when Ibel, I believe, uh,
Luke Thomas was talking about this IM I'm sorry if I'm wrong.
I'm not saying the judge's name because I'm not sure if I'm correct,
but I believe it's the same judge that umrevin Giles who
fought, uh, James K Crouse, um, Giles and Krauses was an amazing fight.
Giles wound wound up winning the decision.
But the first round Krause had his back for four
minutes. And the refer, the judge gave that round to Giles mm-hmm <affirmative>,
which is insane. I mean, for four minutes,
Krause had its was, the guy was fighting off. Chokes.
Krause was real close to submitting him a couple times during those four
minutes. And the judge,
the same judge who gave four rounds to John Jones gave that first round to Giles
where there was a dude on his back for four minutes that,
that most of the round,
and maybe even a four more egregious fight was, um,
uh, Andre uul versus, uh, Jonathan Martinez.
That fight was crazy. That fight was crazy.
That was the most crazy one Martinez won that fight. Yeah.
Martinez won that fight. Uul broke his arm at think so.
I'm not sure if it's a broken arm,
but he had a significant injury to his right hand early in the fight somewhere
in between either the first or the second round. Not sure,
but he really couldn't throw a right hand and it was kind of hanging.
You could kinda see it was hanging and Martinez put in work.
It was an amazing performance by him and he got over man, real bad.
It was bad decision making was a bunch of bad fights.
There was a bunch of bad decisions. Yeah. It wasn't just one.
I know there was like four or five on a, a card of what, 12 fights, 11,
12 fights. I forget how many it was from the opening prelims.
There was bad decisions.
Just almost like people who don't know what they're saying.
Yeah. And that, and that's crazy too.
Especially when we reached a point that we have in mixed martial arts. You know,
I think that we've, we we've turned a corner in that meeting.
The fact that there's, there's so many, uh,
so much out there so much knowledge out there in the sport and everything else
like that. And if you're gonna be judging it,
you gotta at least know when somebody is, is winning around. I mean, you know,
there there's aspects of, of John's game that, that, you know,
a score some point, you know,
he was always moving forward with the action mm-hmm <affirmative> mm-hmm
<affirmative>. But, um, you know, even when he was moving forward, the action,
he wasn't terribly too offensive. He would come with his legs, but you know,
a lot of times he, he would allow, he would allow, uh,
Dominic to kind of be the first one initiating and then moving off. And it,
sometimes it seemed like he was just kind of chasing him. But, um, you know, I,
I think that, uh, it was, it, it was that third round,
that third round was that, that hard round to score mm-hmm <affirmative>. But,
you know, it's, I, I, I think that Dom had the edge,
but if you gonna be the champion,
you gotta be the champion mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And I don't think he did the at John Jones oppressed me so much with the shots
that he was able to take, but more or less the mindset that John had, that,
that, that mindset that John had in those championship rounds, to me, that,
that showed that this guy is, you know,
he is a total package and, and when it comes to fighting,
just mentally speaking, you know, he's, he's somebody who I fought,
thought that was frustrated and working through his own
frustrating in the fight for his frustration in the fight, I is, is difficult.
Yeah. And he didn't succumb to his own frustration and,
and he kept that pressure going. It took some big shots from a heavy hitter,
but, uh, Dominic Ray is a problem for.
Anybody. He's a problem. He's a real problem. Especially now that he's,
he's got that rub. He touched, touched greatness. Yeah. With John. Yeah.
Who's the greatest ever. I feel like those last two rounds should count more.
This is my ownpersonal opinion. But, uh,
John Kavanaugh said something on his Twitter page, age,
I believe it was John Kavanaugh.
And it reflects exactly how I feel that if this fight was gonna go on another
five rounds, it's pretty clear to me. Who's gonna win.
Who's gonna who this is to the death. John Jones is gonna win that fight. Yeah.
You know, it's, if it's to the death,
there's no doubt about it in my mind that John Jones eventually gonna get him.
Yeah. Those last two rounds, Dominic res was hurting.
You could see him looking and taking big, deep breaths and trying to move.
And his arms were labored. And John just kept, pressing, kept, pressing,
kept kicking him, kept punching him, kept trying for the take down.
And that should mean more.
It should mean more towards the end of the fight at the end of the fight.
If you win a decision, but you,
you just got your kicked for the last four minutes. Right.
That seems crazy to me that you fight. Yeah. Because I mean,
I know this is a dumb way to think about it, but if we were in a schoolyard,
right. We were in high school and some dude and another dude fought the dude,
who's getting the beat out of him at the end of the fight is the guy who lost.
Right. Right. When the teachers come and they pull you off that guy,
that's who won that's who wanna fight that's who won. And I,
I know that you can't score a professional sport the way you look,
but it is the rarest of rare professional sports, because it's a,
the sport of fighting. Right. And in fighting, when you're getting your kicked,
you were, you know, you're supposed to, you're supposed to lose. Yeah.
If you're getting your kicked, you lost. Yeah. But,
and if you're kicking the guy's, you win. Sounds crazy.
But at the end of that fight, John Jones was kicking dominicm craze'. He was,
he was, he was chasing him down. Dominic was taking a big, deep breath.
He was firing back when he fired back very well in the fourth round.
But John absorb, John has a hell of a chin too. Oh my gosh. Hell of a chin.
Oh my gosh. Hell of a chin. I mean, you can't, he's, he's,
something's special because of everything. It's not,
he's something special because of his physical attributes.
He's very tall and long. He's very strong. It's not just his skill.
He's got great wrestling. He's got great striking. It is all.
It is his mind too. Yeah. It's all those things.
It's his ability to press forward. It's ability to break people,
ability to stay on top of you have that Champion's mindset.
And to know that he's fought the majority of his career as a world
champion, which is crazy. I know, I know. I mean,
almost a decade as the greatest in the world,
chasing everybody that he's fought every single fighter that he's fought.
You look at them,
they're all guys like you mm-hmm <affirmative> guys like maeeita world
champions, rampage, world champions, over and over and over again, you get,
you go through the list of them, just all these killers.
There's this killer after gust of sin, you know, I mean,
you just keep going through his entire career.
DC twice stopped him in the second fight. He's a assassin.
And, and the, the most impressive thing about it for me is the fact that,
you know, on a physical scale, he's phenomenal, but just mentally speaking,
to be able to go through everything he's gone through, you know,
the ups and downs. Yeah. And what that, what that does to your mind. Yes.
You know what that does to your mind and,
and just being able to put that to a side or be able to use it
in order to go out and still perform as if like he hasn't missed a beat. Yeah.
That is hard because it, it gets to the point, um, you know, you,
you get, you get it's anything in life, you get tired of the monotony of it.
You get, you get jaded by it. Yeah. And he hasn't been jaded by it.
And he still goes out there and performs like that. That's impressive. Why?
I think he needed someone like Dominic to get that fear going too.
I think he knew Dominic Graham's physically is a talented guy. Yeah.
He's a great athlete. He it's tremendous footwork his ability to change angles.
And then fire back is insane. I know. It's so good.
You saw it in the OSP fight where he knocked him out with like a couple seconds
to go. Yeah. You see it in a lot. His Jared can near fight.
He could step back and fire fire, upper cut,
step back and fire that straight left his ability to change direction.
His amazing. And I think a lot of that could be attributed to his football,
basketball. I mean, um, baseball, like footwork movement,
his ability to explode all that stuff that he did in other sports,
I think directly translates to his ability to move really well inside the
octagon. And then on top of it, he's gigantic. He's the same size as John.
I know, which is very unusual for John to face someone that's his height.
And he's really strong too.
That's that? Now that was the intangible that I think that John didn't expect,
he didn't expect for him to be as strong.
As he was when he' was able to get back up every time.
Yeah. When he like get up, like he wasn't even on him, like.
Dang, his legs are huge. You look at rays' legs. Oh, huge. Yeah. I mean,
he's got tremendous power. I mean, both with his punches,
but also with his ability to move, man, he was throwing great kicks.
He was chopping at John's legs. I mean, I,
out of any fight in John's future, I wanna see a rematch.
I really wanna see what Dominic gray has looks like now with this rub,
understanding how close he was and the, then the,
the amount of conditioning that he's going to have to put himself through.
Right. To be able to do that again, five rounds.
And it's not like either guy got up in that fight where they're gonna be
severely damaged.
It's not like one of those crazy wars where like aisagnia Kelvin Gastelum.
At the end of that fight, I was like, oh my God. You know,
I hope Kelvin takes some time off after that one. That was chaos. Just wildness.
It wasn't like that. It was a grueling, difficult, hard fight,
but it wasn't a fight where there was so much damage that both John and, and,
uh, Dominic needed to take a long time off.
I feel like you could make that fight in eight months. Absolutely.
And that would be the fight to make. Yeah. That's that is a,
that's a crazy rematch. And, and.
The thing about it was surprisingly to see like,
they like their faces weren't beat up at all. No. And I'm like,
these dudes were landing some shots on each other and their face was not even
yes. Like I thought for sure John's lip would be all swollen.
Like it was when he fought. Oh, to him. Yeah. He, he took, he took those shots.
Well, man, it, it is, it's amazing. It's amazing.
But I think that this is exactly what John needed in that light heavyweight
weight class, because you know, it, it does,
it was getting kind of stagnant and I think it needed some time to mature.
But I think, I think Dominic Ray has just said, yo,
you better stay here for a little bit. And here's another guy go,
Corey Anderson. Oh yes. Corey Anderson is somebody. Listen. I'm.
That's the dark horse. I've been telling everybody, listen.
That's the dark horse.
The way he knocked out. Johnny Walker. Yes. And he's angry. He's angry.
He's angry. And that's something you never seen Corey. Yes. You never seen that.
Before. After that fight, he was like, letting everybody know you been slipping.
Yeah. You've been sleeping on me.
You guys have been pretending that I don't this that's.
That's why I'm out here beating the best in the world.
If he fights John Jones. I think that's one that John better be like, all.
Right. I be, he better be so ready. Yeah. Corey's got, he doesn't have a chip.
He's got logs on his shoulder. I know Corey. He's angry. He's. He's off.
After that Johnny Walker fight, he was so outta character.
He's screaming and yelling and, you know,
he was so he was angry after he won. He knocked him out in the first round.
And then he's bad. The.
The years of disrespect though. And that's, and that's how he trained though.
He always trained with that, that mindset, like, oh, they don't respect me,
you know? And that's why he worked so hard. Yes.
I.